Okay, we've got one bit of configuration
to do with Maven to run our tests. Now by
default, Maven is going to run anything
that's got test in it. Essentially any
class name that has tests. So that's a
convention that we do wanna follow
when we are using the Maven build system
and Maven also will distinguish between
unit tests and integration tests. And
another default naming convention is IT
for Maven and the maven-surefire-plugin
is what runs the test and that is
configured by default. That will run unit
tests but the Failsafe plugin is what's
gonna run our integration tests. Now
you can see on the screen here on line
68 to 88, I've added in Maven
configuration for the Failsafe plugin.
It is not enabled by default so we have
to bring it in. And I am running version
2.20 and what we are doing is we are
explicitly saying it includes everything
that ends with IT. So all our
integration tests will end with IT and
on line 76 this is very important, the
Spring team made a change in the class
path and now the Spring Boot jar is laid
out and it broke the Failsafe plugin.
If you do not include this you'll get an
error saying that Maven is unable to
find some classes. So this is a
workaround. Right now this is still an
open issue at the time of recording. I do
not know if there's gonna be a fix
put in place but there's currently
a workaround that we need to add in this
additional class path elements there on
line 76 to 78. So that is very
important and now it's gonna run the
integration-test goal for us and
this is poor one. We do test just when
tests are gonna run, our true
unit tests are just gonna run. But
when we do verify, this is what's gonna
run the full test inside of Maven. So
now you can see it's gonna go through
two phases that's bringing up that one
Spring Context because that is marked as
a @Test. So Maven doesn't know the
difference so it still brings that up. So
now you can see we get a report here,
the results and this is from the maven-failsafe-plugin. So we got our two
integration test run from the IT and if
we scroll back up here, we can see that
we had seven unit test run. And the
reason they're doing this is they wanna
run through, the logic is to run
through real quick in your unit tests
and hopefully, if you pass all those and
then you're gonna get into the
heavier-weight integration test. So the
integration tests are much more
expensive to run not only in time but
system resources too. So the logic is to
fail fast so if you fail on the unit
test, you're not gonna get to the
integration test but if you're not doing
this, if you're not naming your test
properly everything is lumped together. So you're gonna be running your
lightweight unit tests along with your
integration test. So now what you wanna
do here, you do wanna follow this
naming convention because when you do
get a larger project with hundreds of
tests, this does definitely make a
difference in the system resources for
your builds. And I just wanna recap
here I'm gonna hide this again, the
plugin configuration. So this is a
Failsafe plugin. Some people think it might be being sent
out to pasture. I think it's just a
mature plugin and there's not a lot of
development happening on it right now. But this is the traditional plugin so
you have the Surefire plugin which
comes in by default, the Failsafe plugin
is used to run the integration test and
it runs in the verify phase and not the
test phase. So just a recap there and I
am going to check us into GitHub so you
have a full working example for it.